Oh, there you go.
You're sharing something.
Yeah, I do share.
So the sharing started.
Yeah. Yeah, so.
OK,
so now as we want to create a reusable
GitHub coverage here new workflow.
So inside the test,
where do we start with?
We have to create a first.
We have to create a new workflow in the
GitHub action repo or we want to start
with the C Plus AP Repo.
We should start with the get up actions
repo because that's where all the
Mm hmm.
reusable git up actions are defined.
And all the Fe reports users the get up
actions feasible get up actions from the
get Up actions repository.
So we need to start from the get up
actions depository and that we already
have the core quality.
Core flow and which is on workflow call.
Yep, Yep.
And we need similar to the code quality
workflow but with the coverage and
coverage get get added to it.
And the governor?
The secret for the workflow for now,
we will be calling same thing like as the
same code quality we will be calling
something like runmini master that we are
already calling in the unit test.
Something similar to that inside that we
will be also adding another param like
secret.
Where we will be having the threshold
configuration for each library for that
reple.
I think we need to switch.
I mean we need to switch between normal
code quality and one with the code
quality kit.
So I think we could do that with this
secret which you mentioned GitHub secret.
Mm hmm.
And.
So if the GitHub secret as well you and
if it is defined then we can take the.
Mm hmm.
Code coverage workflow.
If not, then we we take the code quality,
the existing one.
Yeah. OK.
So this we could split the logic.
Mm hmm.
Then do we need another workflow for that?
Yeah,
we need to create a new workflow file.
We can call it as.
Code quality kit. Yeah,
code quality kit and in the code quality
Average K dot it.
Mm hmm.
git we can add this coverage flag to the
existing GIST unit test so.
And this will run for all.
All apps and lips the affected.
MX apps and lips and produces the
coverage and some of the coverage
threshold need to be elevated against
this git up secret and this git up secret.
It should be an adjacent.
Object and this should provide the app
name or Lib name.
Mm hmm.
With that.
Coverage,
line coverage and statement coverage and
functions coverage and franchise coverage
threshold.
And then the new quality gate,
our workflow this needs to be elevated.
And the pipeline.
Should be green if it satisfies the
threshold. If not,
the pipeline should fail,
so they should be our target to achieve.
So for this we need to create an A master
plan. How to implement it?
Mm hmm. OK.
Probably we could use the claw rate to
generate the master plan.
Mm hmm.
And let the cloud to guide us in the
process.
Yeah, makes sense.
OK. And maybe this is sloven is here,
I will share him share with the road map
that we have and we'll get some.
Mm hmm.
Yeah. So maybe I stopped the recording.
You can use the transcript already for.
Yep.